docs: clarify Label reference page to emphasize examples, not exhaustive list (#39467)
github/docs: content/contributing/collaborating-on-github-docs/label-reference.md

| [`content`](https://github.com/github/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Acontent) | Problems or updates in the content on docs.github.com. These will usually require some knowledge of Markdown. | <!-- markdownlint-disable-line search-replace -->
| [`engineering`](https://github.com/github/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aengineering) | Problems or updates involving the functionality of the docs.github.com website. Fixing these issues will usually require some knowledge of JavaScript/Node.js or YAML. |<!-- markdownlint-disable-line search-replace -->
| [`codespaces`](https://github.com/github/docs/labels/codespaces)<br> [`desktop`](https://github.com/github/docs/labels/desktop)<br> [`graphql`](https://github.com/github/docs/labels/graphql) | Labels for filtering issues by a product or documentation area. |

> > This repository uses over 85 different labels. For a complete list of all available labels, visit the [labels page](https://github.com/github/docs/labels).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of all the labels currently in use in the github/docs repository, visit the [labels page](https://github.com/github/docs/labels).
```

Since labels are user-defined, it might be misleading to mention "all the labels available." It's all the labels currently available *in docs*, but each repository has its own set of labels and they can be named anything. We also don't need the exact number. The number changes all the time, and no one wants to update this to keep it up to date with the number. 😅
